Code	Name					Description
----	----					-----------
T01	Caution and advice			Warnings issues or lifted, guidance, and tips.
T02	Injured people				Casualties (injured) due to the crisis.
T03	Dead people				Casualties (deceased) due to the crisis.
T04	Infrastructure damage			Buildings or roads damaged or operational; utilities/services interrupted or restored.
T05	Money					Money requested, donated, or spent.
T06	Supplies needed or offered		Needs or donations of supplies such as food, water, clothing, medical supplies or blood.
T07	Services needed or offered		Services needed or offered by volunteers or professionals.
T08	Missing, found, or trapped people	Questions and/or reports about missing or found people.
T09	Displaced and evacuated people		People who have relocated due to the crisis, even for a short time (includes evacuations).
T10	Animal management			Pets and other non-human animals, living, missing, displaced, or injured/dead.
T11	Personal updates, sympathy		Status updates about individuals or loved ones; emotional support, thoughts and prayers.

Code	Name					Description
----	----					-----------
C01	Children and education			Children's well-being and education.
C02	Food and nutrition			Nutritional well-being. Needs food, or able to provide food.
C03	Health					Mental, physical, emotional well-being and health.
C04	Logistics and transportation		Delivery and storage of goods and supplies.
C05	Camp and shelter			Shelter required or offered; condition and location of shelters and camps.
C06	Water, sanitation, and hygiene		Availability of clean water, waste and sewage disposal, access to hygienic facilities.
C07	Safety and security			Protection of people/property against harm such as violence or theft.
C08	Telecommunications			Mobile and landline networks, Internet.

Code	Name					Description
----	----					-----------
O01	Weather					Updates about the weather.
O02	Response agencies in place		Formal response agencies present (and acting) at the crisis location.
O03	Witnesses' accounts			Direct accounts by eyewitnesses of the crisis.
O04	Impact of the crisis			Negative consequences of the crisis.